# The "angle" of attack

We've got a fair bit of material, both that I've written over the last
week and that we can repurpose from other places. I'm keen to hear
everyone's thoughts on which ``angle'' to frame the pitch around,
since that will shape exactly how we put the aforementioned bits
together. All of these are related, I imagine they'll all be present
in some form or another, but the purpose of doing this is to find the
narrative that we structure everything around - we've gotta tell a
story, after all. So, here are a few one-paragraph angles that we
could use to pitch the grant...

## Interactive optimisation in non-convex (and generally hairy) parameter spaces

**The problem**

Many real-world simulation problems have loss functions/stopping
criteria which are difficult to specify explicitly/automatically, and
require a human-in-the-loop, leading to an expensive back-and-forth
between different input parameters and expert evaluations of the
simulation results

**The solution**

If the human evaluation cannot be taken out of the optimisation
process, then the greatest productivity gains can be had through
collapsing the feedback loop between parameter choice and
evaluation, allowing the human expert to interactively explore the
impact of different parameter choices

**Our secret sauce**

In the sparse grids and reduced basis models, we have the ability to
interpolate efficiently in the parameter space, allowing otherwise
computationally expensive model families to be explored in a
real-time, interactive fashion. We also have the tools and expertise
to incorporate these methods in an interactive audiovisual environment
suitable for parameter exploration

**Key concepts**

- optimisation
- interfaces

**Notes**

This one is the most general (probably *too* general) but is useful as a
reference - it could be used as the base for a new angle if we don't
like any of the others.

## Communicating model uncertainty to decision-makers

**The problem**



**The solution**



**Our secret sauce**



**Key concepts**



**Notes**



## Immersive environments for visualising model uncertainty

**The problem**



**The solution**



**Our secret sauce**



**Key concepts**



**Notes**



## Exploring the impact of model uncertainty in Fire & Flood disaster response scenarios

**The problem**



**The solution**



**Our secret sauce**



**Key concepts**



**Notes**
